c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.exe.config
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.exe
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.pdb
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Form1.resources
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.exe
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.pdb
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
c:\users\lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Lela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Lela\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Form6.resources
C:\Users\Lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Form7.resources
C:\Users\Lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Form8.resources
C:\Users\Lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp2.Form9.resources
C:\Users\Lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.dll
C:\Users\Lela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp2\WindowsFormsApp2\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.pdb
